AFL-POOLS MEMBERSHIP TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1 DEFINITIONS
1.1 In these Conditions:
1.1.1 “Conditions” means these terms and conditions of membership;
1.1.2 “Consumer” means any natural person who is acting for purposes which are
outside his business;
1.1.3 "Event" means an event that is to take place at the Venue;
1.1.4 “AFL-pools Member” means a Member of AFL-pools that has paid the relevant
Membership Fee;
1.1.5 “AFL-pools” means the proprietary members club operated by AFL_POOLS Ltd under the
AFL-pools branding, the proprietor and sole manager of which is AFL-pools;
1.1.6 “Member” means a member of AFL-pools and Membership shall be construed
accordingly;
1.1.7 “Member Benefit” means any of the Member Benefits as described on
[afl-pools.com] as amended by AFL-pools from time to time;
1.1.8 “Membership Card” means the card provided to Members containing their
unique member ID number and to be used by Members to access the
Member Benefits.
1.1.9 "Membership Fee" means the membership fee payable by the Member to
AFL-pools for membership of AFL-pools;
1.1.10 “AFL-pools” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.1;
1.1.11 "Venue" means the venue at which the Event is to take place.
2 THESE TERMS
2.1 These are the terms and conditions on which we offer membership of AFL-pools to
you.
2.2 Please read these Conditions carefully before you submit your request for
membership of AFL-pools. These terms tell you who we are, how we will provide your
AFL-pools Membership, how you and we may end your membership, what to do if
there is a problem and other important information. If you think there is a mistake in
these terms, please contact us to let us know.
2.3 These Conditions, the details in your Membership application and the details of the
Member Benefits constitute the agreement on which we agree to you being an
AFL-pools Member.
2.4 If we have to contact, you we will do so by telephone or by writing to you at the email
address or postal address you provided in your application.
3 MEMBERSHIP
3.1 You agree to be bound by and to act in accordance with this agreement, including,
without limitation, the obligation to pay the Membership Fee. Such payment shall be
in a single payment without deduction or setoff payable on the date that you enter
this agreement.
3.2 When we have received your payment in respect of the Membership Fee, we will
review your application and where appropriate notify you in writing that your
application to be a Member has been accepted (the “Notification”). We will also
issue you with a Membership Card and an ID Number. We reserve the right at our
absolute discretion to reject any application for membership of AFL-pools and refund
any Membership Fee paid to us pursuant to any such rejected application.
3.3 Membership of AFL-pools will run from the time you receive the Notification (the
“Membership Commencement Date”) and, subject to earlier termination in
accordance with these Conditions, your membership of AFL-pools will continue for a
period of one (1) year (“Membership Term”).
3.4 On or around the date on which your AFL-pools Membership will expire we will notify
you by email and give you the opportunity to renew your AFL-pools Membership.
3.5 We have the right to revise and amend the agreement from time to time to reflect
changes in market conditions affecting our business, changes in technology,
changes in payment methods, changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements
and changes in our systems capabilities. We will give you reasonable prior notice of
any changes to the agreement and you may then, if you so desire, contact us to
cancel your Membership.
3.6 To purchase an AFL-pools Membership you must be at least 18 years of age and be a
resident in the UK. By entering this agreement you agree that you fulfil these criteria.
3.7 Membership cards can only be used by you and the Member Benefits are nontransferable. Proof of identity may be requested on presentation of your Membership
Card and AFL-pools reserves the right to refuse entry to any Event or for use of any
Member Benefit where valid proof of identity is not provided on request.
3.8 You must inform the AFL-pools AFL-pools Membership team on 0333 300 3020 if your card
is lost or stolen.
4 CONSUMER RIGHTS
4.1 By entering this agreement, you confirm that you do so as a Consumer and that you
are not contracting in the name of or on behalf of any business or professional
organization.
4.2 Subject to Condition 4.3, you may cancel your AFL-pools membership at any time
within fourteen (14) calendar days of the Membership Commencement Date (the
“Cooling-Off Period”).
4.3 We will not provide any services to you, in relation to your AFL-pools Membership,
during the Cooling-Off Period, unless specifically requested to do so by you.
4.4 If you inform us that you would like to cancel your AFL-pools Membership during the
Cooling-Off Period, and you:
4.4.1 have not ordered or made use of any Member Benefits, you will receive a full
refund of the Membership Fee;
4.4.2 have booked and made use of any Member Benefits, you will receive a
refund of the relevant Membership Fee less an amount for the supply of
services relating to the Member Benefits booked and attended for the period
up to the time you inform us that you want to cancel your AFL-pools
Membership, such amount being in proportion to what has been supplied to
you by us, in comparison with the Membership Fee; or
4.4.3 have booked future Member Benefits scheduled for outside of the CoolingOff Period, you will receive a refund of the relevant Membership Fee and we
may also cancel the individual Member Benefits booked, in which case you
will also receive a refund of the full Membership Fee.
4.5 To cancel your AFL-pools Membership you must inform us in writing, prior to the expiry
of the Cooling-Off Period. This provision does not affect your other statutory rights as
a Consumer.
4.6 If you submit a valid cancellation request pursuant to Condition 5.5, we will
reimburse the Membership Fee subject to any applicable deductions calculated in
accordance with Condition 4.4, within 14 days of the day on which we are informed
about your decision to cancel, using (i) the same method of payment used to pay the
Membership Fee; or (ii) a cheque, if it is not possible to make the refund in
accordance with Condition 4.6(i).
5 MEMBER BENEFITS AND MEMBER OBLIGATIONS
5.1 As a Member, you are entitled to receive the Member Benefits as set out
afl-pools.com.
5.2 In order to book a Member Benefit, you must follow the instructions in the
Membership Description. You must use your unique membership identification
number or where appropriate your Membership Card when booking or making use of
Member Benefits. You acknowledge and agree that we may impose additional terms
and conditions on bookings and attendance at Events. You will be informed of any
such additional terms and conditions by us in advance of the applicable Event.
5.3 You acknowledge and agree that you will, and you procure that your guests will,
adhere to any rules and regulations referred to on any tickets or other documentation
issued as part of any Member Benefit, including, without limitation, those rules and
regulations established by us for the health, safety, comfort and benefit of all persons
at an Event and any statutory regulations from time to time in force.
5.4 You acknowledge and agree that we may place restrictions on the age of persons
allowed to attend any Event or make use of any Member Benefit.
5.5 All Membership Benefits are subject to availability and may be subject to change or
withdrawal by AFL-pools at any time and without notification. Please review the Member
Benefits frequently to ensure that you are up to date on the Member Benefits that are
currently available.
6 TERMINATION OF MEMBERSHIP
6.1 Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies available to us, we reserve the right
to terminate your Membership at any time without cause on giving fourteen(14) days
written notice and immediately if you:
6.1.1 commit a material breach of the agreement; or
6.1.2 commit or are otherwise involved with abusive, threatening, drunken or other
anti-social behaviour at the event, or are found to be carrying offensive
weapons or illegal or prohibited substances.
6.2 If your membership to AFL-pools is terminated pursuant to Condition 6.1, you will not be
entitled to any refund of the Membership Fee.
6.3 You may resign your membership of AFL-pools at any time by notice to us, but
you will not be entitled to any refund of the Membership Fee.
7 LIABILITY
7.1 Whilst the AFL-pools tries to ensure Events take place as scheduled, no guarantees can
be given by AFL-pools that an Event will take place at a particular time or on a particular
date and AFL-pools reserves the right to reschedule any Event and withdraw any relevant
Member Benefits without notice and without any liability whatsoever.
7.2 Subject to clause 7.1 we are responsible to you for foreseeable loss and damage
caused by us. If we fail to comply with the agreement, we are responsible for loss or
damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breaking the agreement or our
failing to use reasonable care and skill, but we are not responsible for any loss or
damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious
that it will happen or if, at the time of the Membership Commencement Date, both we
and you knew it might happen.
7.3 We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful
to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence
or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors; for fraud or fraudulent
misrepresentation.
7.4 We only supply the membership for domestic and private use. If you use the
membership for any commercial, business or re-sale purpose we will have no liability
to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of
business opportunity.
7.5 We will not be liable for any personal travel or accommodation arrangements
and/or expenses made relating to a Member Benefit or the cancellation of a
Member Benefit.
7.6 This Condition 8 shall survive termination of the agreement.
8 GENERAL
8.1 We may use any personal data provided by you to contact you with information
about similar goods and services that we consider may be of interest to you, but you
may tell us at any time that you no longer want to receive this information.
8.2 We have no liability to you under the agreement if we are prevented from, or
delayed in performing, our obligations under the agreement or from carrying
on our business by acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond our
reasonable control, including (without limitation) strikes, lock -outs or other
industrial disputes, failure of a utility service or transport network, act of God,
war, riot, civil commotion, malicious damage, compliance with any law or
governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant
or machinery, fire, flood, storm, health pandemic or default of suppliers or
subcontractors.
8.3 If we fail, at any time while the agreement is in force, to insist that you perform
any of your obligations under the agreement, or if we do not exercise any of
the rights or remedies available to us under the agreement, that will not mean
that we have waived such rights or remedies and will not mean that you do not
have to comply with those obligations. If we do waive a default by you, that will
not mean that we will automatically waive any subsequent default by you. No
waiver by us of any term of the agreement shall be effective unless we
expressly say that it is a waiver and we tell you so in writing.
8.4 Unless specifically provided otherwise, rights arising under the agreement are
cumulative and do not exclude rights provided by law.
8.5 If any court or competent authority decides that any of the provisions of the
agreement are invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, the provision
will, to that extent only, be severed from the agreement, which will continue to
be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.
8.6 The agreement constitutes the whole agreement between us and supersedes
all previous agreements between us relating to its subject matter.
8.7 You will not, without our prior written consent, assign, transfer, charge,
mortgage, subcontract or deal in any manner with all or any of your rights or
obligations under the agreement.
8.8 Nothing in the agreement is intended to, or will be deemed to, constitute a
partnership or joint venture of any kind between us, nor constitute either of us
acting as agent of the other for any purpose.
8.9 Save for the Notification or where we expressly reserve the right to give notice
by another method, any notice required to be given under the agreement will
be in writing and will be delivered personally, or sent by pre-paid first-class
post or recorded delivery to us or you (as applicable) and, if sent to us, will be
marked for the attention of the Company Secretary. Any notice will be
deemed to have been duly received if delivered personally, when left at the
address, and if sent by pre-paid first-class post or recorded delivery, at 8.00
am on the second Business Day after posting. This Condition 8.9 will not
apply to the service of any in any proceedings or other documents in any legal
action.
8.10 The agreement between us is binding on us and on our respective successors
and assignees. You may not transfer assign, charge or otherwise dispose of
the agreement, or any of your rights or obligations arising under it, without
prior written consent. We may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or
otherwise dispose of the Agreement, or any of our rights or obligations arising
under it at any time during the term of the agreement.
8.11 The agreement, its subject matter and formation (and any non-contractual
disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with it) shall be governed by
English law and we both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English
courts.
8.12 If there is any dispute arising between you and us and you are not satisfied with our
response, you may use the following link to access the European Commission’s
online dispute resolution platform: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/
